My name is Lena Grisky
and I go to the best
ballet school in the world.
I have a secret.
I'm a time traveler from 1905
and my boyfriend Henri
is doing everything he can
to get me home.
♪ I can feel my heart skipping
Go off the beat ♪
♪ Things are pacing too fast
out on the streets ♪
♪ And I try to stay on my feet
along the way ♪
♪ Another crazy day
Okay, okay ♪
♪ Wake up, wake up, wake up
into a new world ♪
♪ Watch out, watch out, watch
out
and hold on strong, girl ♪
♪ It's time to show myself
what I can be ♪
♪ Figure out my life
and still be me ♪
♪ Wake up, wake up, wake up
and welcome to my world ♪
(Lena) Previously...
(Ines) Lena's in so much trouble
with Ms Carré for running out
in the middle of the showcase.
(Ms Carré) You may stay,
but you'll never make Company.
(Ines) The Time Collectors
still have her timepiece.
This timepiece
can create a time loop.
Ouch.
Clive!
There's another piece somewhere.
(Ines) I wonder
if I'll ever see Pinky again.
Be right there, boss.
(Ines) What? He was cute.
If beauty were time
you'd be eternity!
Has anyone seen Lena?
(Lena) She's not here.
Oh. Okay.
Lena... Come on, what happened
to proving Carré wrong?
What about
the big speech you made?
What if she's right?
What if I'm not good enough?
Well, she will be if you
just lie here feeling sorry
for yourself all day.
We've got a history test to
crush
and a full day of dances
with Carré.
Lena, come on! Lena!
I'll pass.
Okay. I'll tell Carré you'll be
dancing from your bed then,
yeah?
(laughs) Lena. Come on.
The only way to change her mind
is to actually change her mind.
Oh! You know what?
You're right.
Thanks, Ines!
(Ines chuckles)
Today, you'll put together
a short piece,
drawing inspiration
from a different time period.
This is so perfect. This is
my chance to change her mind.
(Ms Carré) Blending
two time periods, two styles
will make
for some interesting dances.
You have until end of day.
First group: Dash and Max,
Thea, Ines and Jeff.
Second group: Tim, Laura,
Sana, Mike and Jonas.
Ms Carré?
Which group shall I join?
Neither.
You won't be participating.
You're free to work by yourself
in another studio.
Yes, Ms Carré.
(other students whispering)
(magical tinkling
and suspenseful music)
I can't believe you went
to the Time Collectors.
Of all the stupid things...
But, just for the record,
I did come to you first.
Do you not remember
the whole threat to send me
to Uncle Alain's farm?
Which I should have done.
But let me assure you, you are
finished hurling yourself
through time. Is that clear?
(bombastic classical music
plays)
(panting, out of breath)
(Henri) So my Dad's really mad,
and now he won't tell me
anything else.
I just wish we could talk.
(magical tinkling noise)
♪ Cause time passes so slowly ♪
(gasps)
♪ With your arms
around my body ♪
(Lena) Henri! I'm here.
Are you here?
I mean there... but here.
You know what I mean.
Oh, I wish we could talk too.
I have so much to tell you.
(magical tinkling noise)
(gasps)
Whoa.
She's here now!
(gasps in disbelief) We've
never been on the roof
at the same time before.
The letter appeared right away!
Are you there right now?
(magical tinkling noise)
(gasps)
(Lena) Henri! I am here right
now! This is totally wicked.
'Wicked'? Is there evil?
And why all these happy faces?
Is it a code?
(Lena laughs)
Not that kind of wicked, silly.
Good wicked.
The happy faces mean
I miss you like crazy.
(Henri) I'll find a way
back to you. I promise.
I hope so.
I got in so much trouble
the other night for leaving.
I almost got expelled
from school.
Thankfully, they're letting
me stay, but Ms Carré said...
she said that
I'll never make Company.
(Clive) Oh.
Where's Pinky?
I... I think it's pretty obvious
he's not here, Frank.
Thank you, Clive.
My eyeballs actually stopped
working for a minute.
So I'm really glad you could
fill in that blank for me.
No problem, boss.
I'd have that eye thing
checked out though.
Don't talk.
For the rest of the day.
Just sshh.
Okay...
(walks down the stairs)
That seems a bit harsh.
Hello, beautiful.
Care for a walk?
Or better yet, care for a bite?
(sighs) You have the most
beautiful eyes I have ever seen.
(sighs dreamily)
(video game sounds)
(incoming text message)
Oh, gross.
What?
(incoming text message)
In your dreams... As if I'd ever
go on a date with him!
A date?
A date with who?
Dirk.
Dirk?
He's sending you texts?
(scoffs)
I don't think so.
I really miss you.
I wish you could see all this.
I wish you were home.
I can almost feel you.
Like you were right here.
(giggles)
We're like Romeo and Juliet.
Remember when we used to dress
up in those old costumes?
You've just given me
the best idea!
I have to take care
of something, but I'll be back!
And thank you!
(magical tinkling noise)
(students chattering)
Oh, hey, Dirk.
What do you think you're doing?
What?
Oh, don't play dumb with me.
Go.
Don't... text... Ines.
Don't text her,
don't think about her
and don't ask her on a date.
Got it?
(exclaims)
What are you doing here?
You can't be here!
It's like magic.
Because... I am.
Well, you can't be.
And yet I am.
Do you have a bandage?
A what?
Because I just scraped my knee
falling for you.
Oh no. No, no, no, no.
So you've been getting my texts?
That was you!
That makes more sense.
It's a loaner.
What do you want?
A date.
No way.
Way.
Not a chance.
I'm going to be late for class.
So I'll meet you after school.
I'm going to class.
Great. Super.
So I'll see you after school?
(laughs)
(door opens, footsteps approach)
How did you get in here?
What do you want?
The other timepiece.
(hesitant) Right, Frank?
Well, I was hoping to be cooler
about it... but yeah.
So, hand it over.
What other timepiece?
Good question, Victor.
I'll tell you what.
What?
Not you. Him.
Hm-hm.
I'll tell you what...
What?
Clive.
Hm-hm.
Stop turning my threats
into comedy routines, please?
You got it, boss.
Thank you.
I know you have
the other timepiece.
So you can do like any sane
person would and hand it over.
Or you can await
the consequences.
I'm just giving you the
opportunity not to have to find
out what I will do next, Victor.
Ooh... Whoa.
I'd take that if I were you.
You boys have no idea
who you are playing with.
Don't test me.
No, come on!
We've done that a thousand
times. Can we please try
something different?
It is different. You're just
not seeing my vision.
So, Dirk won't be bothering
you again.
Dash What did you do?
It's cool.
(Jeff makes whooshing noises)
Jeff, back me up.
We need to pick a time period.
The fifties are awesome.
They're totally innovative.
Oh yeah,
and you know that because...?
(sighs) Guys, come on,
we haven't even agreed
on a concept yet.
I'm going to refuel.
(Lena) Guys! I have an idea.
And I think it's a good one.
It's the kind
that gets you all tingly.
Oh, please. I need tingles.
Because all we have right now is
"Sir I'm Always Right"
and "Miss No I Am."
(all chuckle)
(Lena) Okay. We're a team
and teams stick together.
When we run the field,
we have to be proud and strong.
Everyone put a hand in.
Uh... did you get that from TV?
I did.
It was a very exciting speech.
The boy went on to catch an
American football and everyone
lifted him up and carried him.
Who's in?
I don't want to point out the
obvious, but didn't Ms Carré
ban you from this assignment?
Well, I feel like
it's an opportunity
to gain some ground with her.
It's the tingly thing.
I have to follow it.
I'm in. I love that movie.
(laughs)
(laughs) I'm in, too.
Out.
You guys go ahead.
Me and Thea are going to do
our own thing.
Undecided.
I promise you,
it's going to be outlandish.
Really?
(Ines chuckles)
No... wrong word.
Out of this world?
(all laugh)
(Jeff) Better.
Ah! There he is!
Team Lena.
(Ines) Team Lena! Team Lena!
(Jeff cheers)
(laughs)
(giggles)
Milady, may I request a dance?
My dance card is filled
I'm afraid.
Curious. May I see it?
(laughs)
(coughs)
It looks rather empty now.
(Lena laughs)
I'm afraid if I bow any lower,
I might split my trousers.
You'd be the talk of the town.
(laughs)
(classical music plays)
(both laugh)
(Lena squeals)
(Henri laughs)
(Lena gasps)
(reads) "I was hoping
you'd find these...
Thought they could help
with your project.
I believe in you! Love, Henri."
(gasps) You're the best, Henri!
I knew you'd meet me.
Can I ask you a question?
Are you a camera?
No... not again.
Because every time I see you,
I can't help but smile.
Don't try to distract me
with your clever wit.
You've got something
that belongs to Lena.
Now give it to me.
And stop smiling.
You're dodgy.
You're adorable.
Your descriptive words
and well-rehearsed one-liners
don't move me.
At all.
Reeaally?
Cause you're smiling ear-to-ear.
Give me the timepiece.
(sighs)
Aah.
Just kidding. I don't have it.
It's back in 1905
with the boss.
Now come on...
Let me take you on one date.
And I promise
you won't regret it...
Okay...
If you give me the timepiece
and promise to leave
my best friend alone,
then I'll consider it.
I knew it! You're as crazy
about me as I am about you.
This feels like destiny,
doesn't it?
Chill. I said I'd consider it.
I can't make you any promises
other than I promise to worship
the ground you walk on
until the end of time!
Whoa.
Why are you so smiley?
Oh, is it because of Dash?
Nothing. And no.
What's in the bag?
You'll see.
There's something
you're not telling me.
(nervously)
Nothing to tell. Zero things.
Absolutely nothing, honestly.
(Frank) I will ransack
this entire place until I find
what I'm looking for.
You will do nothing of the sort.
Now get out of here.
Okay.
I'm warning you.
What do you think someone like
you can do to someone like me?
Out.
(tinkling noise)
(Frank) I warned him.
Why does he keep doing
the same thing over and over?
He's in a time loop, Clive.
Ah!
Why is he disappearing?
When you're stuck in a time
loop,
you live the same moment
over and over again,
and eventually you disappear.
Just imagine what we can do
with both the timepieces.
(Clive) He's going to get
so sick of apples.
My apologies, Mr Victor, sir.
It's too bad you weren't eating
something fun like a chocolate
mousse or an éclair!
Come on... We need to find
that other timepiece.
(Clive) Ooooh.
Well, hello, handsome.
Oh!
Frank?
(Frank) Yeees?
I found a broom.
What?
A broom.
(Frank chuckles)
(medieval music plays)
Weren't you supposed to be
working on technique today,
Lena?
Alone?
Yes, Ms Carré.
Then please sit down.
And don't ever disobey
my orders again.
I wanted to show you
that I do have what it takes.
That I have drive,
and ideas, and passion.
And costumes.
And costumes!
I never asked for costumes.
Well, I thought it would give it
that extra touch.
My office. Now.
(Max) Pssst.
That was something, chica.
I don't know what's gonna
happen, but it was something.
(Clive laughs)
(rustling paper)
There's got to be something.
Hey! Victor Duquet
is a man of many secrets.
That means keep looking
until you find something.
(Clive sighs)
More letters.
Boring. Boring. Boring.
Boring.
Ooh!
This one's about
some stupid jewelry.
Who cares about
a stupid necklace anyway?
"We will not see
each other again.
I will protect my half
of the stone with my life
as I'm sure you will yours...
and the two halves
will never be whole again.
Alex."
Clive!
Hm?
This is about the timepiece!
Oh.
Isn't that
what we're looking for?
Yes, Clive! Obviously.
So, I guess I saved
the day then, didn't I?
By tossing the letter away?
Yeah, Clive, you are the single
greatest hero I've ever met
in my living life.
Thank you, boss.
Now all we have to figure out is
who this Alex guy is...
What was that?
I know I wasn't supposed to do
the assignment but I was just
so inspired, I had to.
It was wrong but do you ever
feel
that if you don't dance what
you're feeling, you'll explode?
I'm not one for explosions,
but I do understand, yes.
I didn't mean to go against you,
but I wanted you to see
just how much this means to me.
And that I do have
what it takes, Ms Carré.
Even if you can't see that.
It was beautiful.
Inspired, in fact.
Oh... Thank you.
You didn't like being told you
weren't good enough, did you?
No, Ma'am.
Or being left out
of the assignment.
(softly) No.
Well, good. My plan worked.
This was a test...?
Make no mistakes, Miss Grisky.
If ever you defy me again,
you'll be expelled.
Yes, Ms Carré.
I mean, no, Ms Carré.
I mean, you know what I mean,
Ms Carré.
I do. You're dismissed.
(Lena giggles)
(Lena)
Henri, it worked. Thank you!
Today was a good day.
Today was an excellent day.
I'll tell you all about it but
first meet me on the peak.
Now turn around, pretend
I'm right there beside you.
Milady, may I have this dance?
Yes. It would be
my pleasure, sir.